# AssassinManager

This program writes a class AssassinManager that allows a client to manage a game of assassin.  Each person playing assassin has a particular target that they are trying to assassinate.  One of the things that makes the game more interesting to play is that initially each person knows only who they are assassinating (they don't know who is trying to assassinate them nor do they know who other people are trying to assassinate).  You are working on a program for the “game administrator” who needs to keep track of who is stalking whom and the history of who killed whom.

The game of assassin is played as follows.  You start out with a group of people who want to play the game.  For example, let's say that we have five people playing whose names are Joe, Sally, Jim, Carol and Chris.  A circular chain of assassination targets is established (what is called the “kill ring” in the sample log of execution).  For example, we might decide Joe should stalk Sally, Sally should stalk Jim, Jim should stalk Carol, Carol should stalk Chris and Chris should stalk Joe.  (In the actual linked list that implements this kill ring, Chris’s next reference would be null. 

When someone is assassinated, the chain needs to be relinked by “skipping” that person.  For example, suppose that Jim is assassinated first (obviously this would have been by Sally).  Sally needs a new target, so we give her Jim's target: Carol.  

The main program has been written for you and is called AssassinMain.  It reads a file of names, shuffles the names, and constructs an object of type AssassinManager.  You are writing the AssassinManager class.  The main program then asks the user for the names of the victims in order until the game is over (until there is just one player left alive), calling methods of the AssassinManager class to carry out the tasks involved in administering the game.

Your class will keep track of two different lists: the list of those currently alive and the list of those who are dead.  Each is to be stored in a linked list.  We are requiring you to use our node class which is called AssassinNode.  The AssassinNode class has three data fields: one for the name of the person, one for the name of the killer and a “next” field to keep track of the next value in the list.  The AssassinNode class appears at the end of this write-up.

The constructor for the AssassinManager class will be passed an object of type List<String>.  You can manipulate this object the same way you would manipulate an ArrayList<String>.  So you can call methods like size and get, but you are not allowed to modify it.  
